This repository is a fork of buildroot that is customized to build a light weight Linux install to allow a UEFI based computer to boot and run my fork of the livebootstrap project. This is a CLI only environment that has just enough in it to clone the repository and run the livebootstrap. The total size of the boot imige will fit on a ZIP-250 disk with root to spare. (what can I say, I'm a retro computer enthusiast. The thought of bootstrapping a UEFI computer from a ZIP disk amuses me.) 
  
Basic Instructions:

1.  Clone the repository.
2.  CD into the repository.
3.  Run make menuconfig and then exit and save. 
4.  Run make in the root of the repository.
5.  cd into output/images/
6.  Use DD to write the disk.img file to whatever boot media that you will be using.
7.  Boot the target and log in as root. (there is no password set by default)
8.  cd into the root directory.
9.  Run the live bootstrap.sh bash script.
10. Tell the script which drive to run the bootstrap on.
11. wait for the bootstrap to complete.

Notes:

There is an ISO file generated by the buildroot process. It currently doesn't work so don't use it.
I have run the bootstrap on as little as 64 GB of disk space but the result isn't really usable. I recommend a minimum disk size of 128 GB.
The buildroot image is set up for DHCP.
An SSH server is installed in the buildroot environment. 
There is a non-privledged user created called home. The home user is intended to be used to log in with SSH. please remember to set a password on the home account prior to logging in with SSH or it will fail to log in. 

Customization: 

The livebootstrap script supports a local distfiles cache. To use it, do the following:

1.  Clone the livebootstrap environment.
2.  Run the download-distfiles.sh script to download the required files.
3.  Create a tarball from the resulting distfiles directory.
4.  Upload the tarball onto your local web or ftp server.
5.  Run step 1 and 2 of the basic steps.
6.  Edit the bootstrap.sh bash script.
7.  Search for "#local" and replace the URL in the curl command on the next line.
8.  Save the file and complete steps 3-8
9.  On step 9, invoke bootstrap.sh with the -L flag to use your local repository.
10. Complete the rest of the steps. 


Original Buildroot Readme Follows:

Buildroot is a simple, efficient and easy-to-use tool to generate embedded
Linux systems through cross-compilation.

The documentation can be found in docs/manual. You can generate a text
document with 'make manual-text' and read output/docs/manual/manual.text.
Online documentation can be found at http://buildroot.org/docs.html

To build and use the buildroot stuff, do the following:

1) run 'make menuconfig'
2) select the target architecture and the packages you wish to compile
3) run 'make'
4) wait while it compiles
5) find the kernel, bootloader, root filesystem, etc. in output/images

You do not need to be root to build or run buildroot.  Have fun!

Buildroot comes with a basic configuration for a number of boards. Run
'make list-defconfigs' to view the list of provided configurations.

Please feed suggestions, bug reports, insults, and bribes back to the
buildroot mailing list: buildroot@buildroot.org
You can also find us on #buildroot on OFTC IRC.

If you would like to contribute patches, please read
https://buildroot.org/manual.html#submitting-patches
